Delete duplicate link (#16545)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/get-started.md

| ![movie camera icon for video](./media/video-icon.png "Watch a video") | Watch the [how to install and use Visual Studio Code and .NET Core](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/dotnet/Get-started-with-VS-Code-using-CSharp-and-NET-Core/) video on Channel 9. |
| ![movie camera icon for video](./media/video-icon.png "Watch a video") | Watch the [.NET Core 101](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo4fOcmZ0oWoazjhXQzBKMrFuArxpW80) videos on YouTube. |

See the [.NET Core SDK and runtime dependencies](install/dependencies.md?pivots=os-windows) article for a list of the supported Windows versions.

### Linux

Get started developing .NET Core applications by following these step-by-step tutorials:

> - [Get started with .NET Core using the command line](./tutorials/cli-create-console-app.md)

Author: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/command-line

> Two words as a noun. Hyphenate as an adjective.

| ![movie camera icon for video](./media/video-icon.png "Watch a video") | Watch the [how to install and use Visual Studio Code and .NET Core](https://channel9.msdn.com/Blogs/dotnet/Get-started-with-VS-Code-using-CSharp-and-NET-Core/) video on Channel 9. |
| ![movie camera icon for video](./media/video-icon.png "Watch a video") | Watch the [.NET Core 101](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo4fOcmZ0oWoazjhXQzBKMrFuArxpW80) videos on YouTube. |

> See the [.NET Core SDK and runtime dependencies](install/dependencies.md?pivots=os-windows) article for a list of the supported Windows versions.

Reviewer: I believe we typically use the H1 for link text 

```suggestion
See the [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](install/dependencies.md?pivots=os-windows) article for a list of the supported Windows versions.
```

Author: The same link was in the three OS pivots, I've updated all the three.
